you
hello really it's me Sam here and time
for gaming and today we're showing you
how to use the trademark plane full
bucket by the real quwanga so down which
is plain do well as the name suggests
this plugin allows you to trade live in
Minecraft but it expired hassles of you
know normal trading when you throw your
items on the ground personal throw it
back yeah like that and I free one of
these well you could easily just take
all my stuff and I'd never get your
stuff back this allows you to have safe
trades by bringing up like a chest ey
and you can put in items and either side
very similar to how the tf2 trading
system works if anyone's familiar with
that so it's a lot safer than just
throwing items on the ground indeed so
let's just go over the commands whicli
the first mine is TM help oh just show
you all the commands are now there is a
Texas oil which you can use as well
should you want any help or we can do
irrigate it or any way so the first
thing I want to do is actually request a
trade with time and to do this I do TM
req and then the name of the player to X
time so it will say I've requested and
then Tyrone will have to accept or
decline this trade offer okay so once
thrown is accepted this screen will come
up and you'll notice that we align wall
red bull and half of the inventor
espaces for dan training to me and half
is vice versa so because I requested it
I need to place mine in the top half and
Danny's place is in its bottom up so you
can see there Dan's put in lapis lazuli
block 64 them and I'm going to trade him
in diamond and a chiseled stone brick
and then once I'm happy with that I can
click the line wall and then torrent as
well we'll have to click the line wall
as well to accept it I want people
accept it you can see there that the
trade has happened so if you wanna do it
the vice versus just so I can see the
accepting and stuff
so you can see who wants to trade of me
going to do TM ACC and accept it and now
because I said today I have to place
mine in the bottom half and here you can
place is in the top off and again at any
time I can press the red wall to decline
I'm not gonna do that on the press
escape now we're still actually trading
but i can actually confirm it and cancel
it here so i can do TM can cancel or TM
con or confirm so i can t n calm and
that will prefer them out after even
though i'm not looking at the venturi
screen and Tory can also confirm it as
well and there we go the train was
successful so I wouldn't advise doing
this because they could remove all the
items and then confirm it so not the
best but it's not good isn't the reason
you can exit is because you can actually
add coins as well so if you want to just
do another request crm times so yes said
that so if you like to offer me
something and instead of another item on
offer you actual money for it so you'd
like to place it down so that is the
video and press escape to get rid of the
thing when i do TM and see and then the
amount of coin i wish so say is 20 and
i've added 22 the trade a lot to remove
coin we're doing two game REM see and
then the amount so say 52 now remove
fives the car amount left is 15 so when
we accept the trade as you can see their
toilets confirmed we can do it that's a
reopen the window we do TM open i can
see they're open tray screen and I can
click the line wall and then I've got
given the lapis lazuli block exchange
for the fifteen dollars or wipe your
concierge for the thing so it's not easy
way to trade one thing it might notes if
se torrent trade everything I have no
inventory space and I can do TM overflow
and then i will get back the items which
will open in a virtual chess so if i
know enough of a jewish space it would
appear there
so there's no worry about that happening
and yeah that's about it so anything you
want to add time em unless it really is
I like the trading system it's cool
because like on a pvp server when you're
trading items you want to be fair and
stuff like that so having a so good that
will edition that's needed traitors it's
a lot safer than just drop now and what
up yeah one thing to know it does
require a volt as well but you know
every coming flying basically requires
about size no biggie there and there is
a blacklist config where you can stop
people trading certain items so if you
don't want people trading diamonds you
can blacklist that in the config and I
was a youngster yeah fair enough and
there is a maximum distance you have to
be to trader someone I don't leave don't
you know so if I was I think it's about
time blockers no yes it defies blocks
and comfy society on do ATM or quest-x
time I must be within 10 blocks and
again you can change this in the config
ok then so thanks for watching this from
mean Sam guitar wolf gaming signing out
see it better news
you